README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Time tracking dashboard solution

This is a solution to the [Time tracking dashboard challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/time-tracking-dashboard-UIQ7167Jw). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Frontend Mentor - Time tracking dashboard solution](#frontend-mentor---time-tracking-dashboard-solution)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
      - [Mobile](#mobile)
      - [Tablet](#tablet)
      - [Desktop](#desktop)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [Continued development](#continued-development)
    - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

This small dashboard project allows users to switch between viewing their daily, weekly, and monthly time tracking stats. User can change the timeframe by clicking on the buttons. Stats are populated from a JSON file and are displayed as cards. 

It also provides a useful hover state for each card. By clicking on the card, user can see more details about each activity although that feature is not implemented in this project.

The dashboard is responsive and has a mobile, tablet and desktop layout so that users can view it on any device.


### Screenshots

#### Mobile

![Mobile Design](./images/screenshots/screenshot-mobile-design.png)

#### Tablet 

![Tablet Design](./images/screenshots/screenshot-tablet-design.png)

#### Desktop 

<p align="center">
  <img src="./images/screenshots/screenshot-desktop-design.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="./images/screenshots/screenshot-active-states.png" width="45%" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <em>Desktop Design</em>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<em>Active States</em>
</p>


### Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/py-code314/time-tracking-dashboard](https://github.com/py-code314/time-tracking-dashboard)
- Live Site URL: [https://chicken-run-time-tracking-dashboard.netlify.app/](https://chicken-run-time-tracking-dashboard.netlify.app/)


## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Gulp
- Sass
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Vanilla JavaScript
- Mobile-first workflow


### Continued development

I want to learn how to implement Accessibility features for keyboard and screen reader users as my knowledge is very limited at the moment.


### Useful resources

1. This article ([Cards](https://inclusive-components.design/cards/)) discusses quite a bit about how to use semantic HTML and Aria attributes to make the cards accessible to screen readers.

2. This article ([Cors and Recipes](https://wesbos.com/javascript/13-ajax-and-fetching-data/75-cors-and-recipes)) by Wes Bos explains how to fetch the data from an API and use it to populate the cards.



## Acknowledgments

1. I'd like to thank [Andy Bell](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-more-modern-css-reset/) for his CSS reset.
2. I used [CSS and JS code](https://inclusive-components.design/cards/) from the website by Haydon Pickering to apply some styles and accessibility features.

Commit message:

docs: Add details about using Tab to focus

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Time tracking dashboard solution

This is a solution to the [Time tracking dashboard challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/time-tracking-dashboard-UIQ7167Jw). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Frontend Mentor - Time tracking dashboard solution](#frontend-mentor---time-tracking-dashboard-solution)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
      - [Mobile](#mobile)
      - [Tablet](#tablet)
      - [Desktop](#desktop)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [Continued development](#continued-development)
    - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

This small dashboard project allows users to switch between viewing their daily, weekly, and monthly time tracking stats. User can change the timeframe by clicking on the buttons. Stats are populated from a JSON file and are displayed as cards. 

For keyboard use, user can use Tab key to navigate between the buttons and the cards. When a button is focused, user can use Enter key to change the timeframe and focus to the first card. After focusing a card, user can use Tab key to navigate between the cards and after the last card, focus is returned to the first button.

It also provides a useful hover state for each card. By clicking on the card, user can see more details about each activity although that feature is not implemented in this project.

The dashboard is responsive and has a mobile, tablet and desktop layout so that users can view it on any device.


### Screenshots

#### Mobile

![Mobile Design](./images/screenshots/screenshot-mobile-design.png)

#### Tablet 

![Tablet Design](./images/screenshots/screenshot-tablet-design.png)

#### Desktop 

<p align="center">
  <img src="./images/screenshots/screenshot-desktop-design.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="./images/screenshots/screenshot-active-states.png" width="45%" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <em>Desktop Design</em>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<em>Active States</em>
</p>


### Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/py-code314/time-tracking-dashboard](https://github.com/py-code314/time-tracking-dashboard)
- Live Site URL: [https://chicken-run-time-tracking-dashboard.netlify.app/](https://chicken-run-time-tracking-dashboard.netlify.app/)


## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Gulp
- Sass
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Vanilla JavaScript
- Mobile-first workflow


### Continued development

I want to learn how to implement Accessibility features for keyboard and screen reader users as my knowledge is very limited at the moment.


### Useful resources

1. This article ([Cards](https://inclusive-components.design/cards/)) discusses quite a bit about how to use semantic HTML and Aria attributes to make the cards accessible to screen readers.

2. This article ([Cors and Recipes](https://wesbos.com/javascript/13-ajax-and-fetching-data/75-cors-and-recipes)) by Wes Bos explains how to fetch the data from an API and use it to populate the cards.



## Acknowledgments

1. I'd like to thank [Andy Bell](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-more-modern-css-reset/) for his CSS reset.
2. I used [CSS and JS code](https://inclusive-components.design/cards/) from the website by Haydon Pickering to apply some styles and accessibility features.
